# 生活

## 关于内容

1. 如何使用一般现在时和现在进行时找室友
2. 使用 `verb + ing` or `to + verb` 讲述生活
3. 使用现在是讲述高光时刻  
4. 使用 `this/these` 表达重点

## About grammar

1. 使用一般现在时表达 `complete actions` or `permanent actions`:
    a. Present : what kind of music do you listen to? I love jazz and blue music. I listen to it a lot.  
    b. Present perfect : Have you ever lived in another country? No, I've never lived anywhere else.
    c. Past : what did you do for your last brithday? I went to home and had a big party.  

2. 使用现在进行时表达 `ongoing actions` or `temporary situations`:  
    a. Present : what kind of music are you listening to currently? I'm listening to a lot of Latin right now.
    b. Present perfect : How long have you been living here? I've been living here for five years.  
    c. Past : What were you doing at ths time yesterday? I was sitting on bus.

3. 固定表达
    a. `Verb + verb + ing`
    b. `Verb + particle/preposition + verb + ing`
    c. `Verb + to + verb`
    d. `Verb + ing` or `to verb` with the same meaning  
    e. `Verb + ing` or `to verb` with a different meaning

## 新词组

1. we walked off the trail.
2. consider doing
3. finish doing
4. imagine doing
5. miss doing
6. mind doing
7. spend(time) doing
8. end up doing
9. deep on doiong
10. think about doing
11. plan on doing
12. decide to do
13. hapen to do
14. offer to do
15. seem to do
16. intend to do
17. expect to do
18. begin doing/to do
19. bother to do/doing
20. continue to do/doing
21. start to do/doing
22. like doing/to do
23. love to do/love doing
24. hate to do/doing
25. remember to do
26. remember doing
27. stop to do
28. stop doing
29. try doing
30. try to do
